Add preliminary context (#11)
numfocus/elections: board-responsibilities.md

## Responsibilities of Board of Directors and Technical Steering Committee

## Board of Directors - Administrative or Executive Branch

1. Define the strategic direction
2. Final approval of - Budgets/Quarterly Reports
   a. Fiscal oversight and accountability
3. Legal issues
4. Fundraising
   a. Help develop and participate in a fundraising plan
5. Risk Assessment
6. Formation and oversight for relevant committees, including CoC working group and Election committee

> _Meetings held **quarterly** via Zoom. Directors not holding an office should plan on 5 hrs/month._

Reviewer: Because the caption function of Google Meet is more powerful than Zoom, using it is more friendly to the hearing impaired and non-native English speakers.
```suggestion
_Meetings held **quarterly** via Google Meet. Directors not holding an office should plan on 5 hrs/month._
```

Author: I think the group members will likely have platform preferences. I'll remove the mention of a platform from both sections. :)

## Technical Steering Committee

1. Oversight of relevant committees and associated budgets, including the Infrastructure Committee, Affiliated Project Selection Committee, and the Small Development Grants Committee.
2. Preliminary budget approval (before final approval by the Board)
3. Ensure the creation and curation of technical blogs and content from the project community
4. Support internal programs through technical support and insight on an as-needed basis

> _Meetings held monthly via Zoom. Members should plan on 5 hrs/month._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Meetings held monthly via Google Meet. Members should plan on 5 hrs/month._
```
